Person/zverulacis/vdk documentation (#853)
vmware/versatile-data-kit: README.md

# Overview

Versatile Data Kit is a framework which enables Data Engineers to develop, deploy, run and manage Data Jobs. **A Data Job is data processing workload** and can be written in Python or SQL. A Data Job enables Data Engineers to implement automated pull ingestion (E in ELT) and batch data transformation (T in ELT) into a database or any type of data storage.

Versatile Data Kit consists of two main components:

> * A **Data SDK**, which provides all tools for data extraction, transformation and loading, as well as a plugin framework, which permits to extend the framework according to specific requirements of data application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* A **Data SDK**, which provides all tools for the automation of data extraction, transformation and loading, as well as a plugin framework which allows users to extend the framework according to their specific requirements.
```

`data application` feels like a very specific term which we don't define anywhere (and shouldn't) so I think it's better to avoid it.
